Nextcloud thunderbird integration (#483)
Start9Labs/documentation: site/source/guides/service-guides/nextcloud/nextcloud-apps/thunderbird.rst

      - Click on the calendar icon, open scroll down menu on "New Address Book" and click "Add CarDav Address Book". 

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step1.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar

      - Choose "On the network" checkbox and click "Next".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step2.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar checkbox

      - Enter username and location wich you can find in Nextcloud > Properties tab on start9 server. You can choose .local or Tor connection. Paste it and click "Find calendars".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/nextcloud-properties.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: start9 nextcloud properties

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step3.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar checkbox

      - Enter password for CalDav app created in Nextcloud and click "Ok".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step4.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar password

>       - Check wich calendars you want to integrate and click "Subscribe".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Check which calendars you want to integrate and click "Subscribe".
```

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step5.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar subscribe

> 4. That's it! Your Nextcloud calendar and contacts are now integrated with Thunderbird. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Your Nextcloud calendar and contacts are now integrated with Thunderbird. 
```

.. _nc-thunderbird:

===========
Thunderbird
===========

.. contents::
  :depth: 2 
  :local:

> Calendar & Contacts Syncing - Thunderbird

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calendar & Contacts Syncing
```

> ============================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===========================
```

> =========================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
============================
```

If you wish to use a standalone client for Calendar and Contacts, we recommend Mozilla's `Thunderbird <https://www.thunderbird.net>`_.

> 1. Install the :ref:`Contacts<nc-contacts>` and :ref:`Calendar<nc-calendar>` apps in Nextcloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install the :ref:`Contacts<nc-contacts>` and :ref:`Calendar<nc-calendar>` apps in Nextcloud if they are not yet installed.
```

> 2. Make sure you are on Newest Thunderbird version and then import your LAN certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Make sure you are on the latest version of Thunderbird and then import your LAN certificate:
```

    - First, follow the instructions for adding your :ref:`RootCA<trust-ca>` to your system and then the :ref:`Thunderbird-specific instructions<lan-thunderbird>`.

3. Choose wich service you want to integrate.

  .. tabs::
    
    .. group-tab:: Contacts

      - Click on the contacts icon, open scroll down menu on "New Address Book" and click "Add CarDav Address Book".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-contact-step1.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add new contact book

>       - Enter username and location wich you can find in Nextcloud > Properties tab on start9 server. You can choose .local or Tor connection. Paste it and click "Continue".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Enter username and location which you can find under Nextcloud > Properties on your start9 server. You can choose a local or remote connection. Click "Continue".
```

            :alt: thunderbird add calendar

      - Choose "On the network" checkbox and click "Next".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step2.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar checkbox

      - Enter username and location wich you can find in Nextcloud > Properties tab on start9 server. You can choose .local or Tor connection. Paste it and click "Find calendars".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/nextcloud-properties.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: start9 nextcloud properties

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step3.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar checkbox

      - Enter password for CalDav app created in Nextcloud and click "Ok".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step4.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar password

      - Check wich calendars you want to integrate and click "Subscribe".

        .. figure:: /_static/images/nextcloud/thunderbird-calendar-step5.png
            :width: 60%
            :alt: thunderbird add calendar subscribe

> 4. That's it! Your conatact and calendar from nextcloud shoud be integated in Thunderbird. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. That's it! Your Nextcloud calendar and contacts are now integrated with Thunderbird. 
```
